Add agent framework/throttling/hidden model/OS assistant and update conversational search documentation (#6354)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/agents-tools/tools/visualization-tool.md

```

## Step 2: Run the agent

Before you run the agent, make sure that you add the sample OpenSearch Dashboards `Sample eCommerce orders` dataset. To learn more, see [Adding sample data]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/dashboards/quickstart#adding-sample-data).

Then, run the agent by sending the following request:

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/agents/9X7xWI0Bpc3sThaJdY9i/_execute
{
  "parameters": {
    "question": "what's the revenue for today?"
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %} 

By default, OpenSearch returns the top three matching visualizations. You can specify the number of results returned in the `size` parameter. The output is returned in CSV format. The output includes two columns: `Title` (the visualization title displayed in OpenSearch Dashboards) and `Id` (a unique ID for this visualization):

```json
{
  "inference_results": [
    {
      "output": [
        {
          "name": "response",
          "result": """Title,Id
[eCommerce] Total Revenue,10f1a240-b891-11e8-a6d9-e546fe2bba5f
"""
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Parameters

The following table lists all available parameters. 

Parameter	| Type | Required/Optional | Description	
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---

> `input` | String | Required | The user input based on which to match visualizations.

Author: ```suggestion
`input` | String | Required | The user input used to match visualizations.
```

`index` | String | Optional | The index to search. Default is `.kibana` (the system index for OpenSearch Dashboards data).

> `size` | Integer | Optional | The number of visualizations to return. Default is 3.

Author: ```suggestion
`size` | Integer | Optional | The number of visualizations to return. Default is `3`.
```
